Image Store: Fallback to application default credentials when no key file is specified for GCS (#25948)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

### key_file

> Optional path to JSON key file associated with a Google service account to authenticate and authorize. If the value is empty then it tries to retrieve authorization from GCE metadata.

Reviewer: We could refer to application default credentials in the docs as well. Not sure if we should link to Google Cloud's docs here, but it makes sense to me.

```suggestion
Optional path to JSON key file associated with a Google service account to authenticate and authorize. If no value is provided it tries to use the [application default credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#finding_credentials_automatically).
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with @sakjur, forgot that the docs also might need updating.
